h2. pollster

A Rails gem that generates an entire MVC stack for user polling on your app

h3. What it does

pollster adds a generator to your Rails app that creates the MVC stack for polling of your users. It has a pretty chart.

h3. Requirements

pollster requires the super amazing "RESTful_Authentication":http://weblog.techno-weenie.net/2006/8/1/restful-authentication-plugin plugin, along with the "googlecharts":http://github.com/mattetti/googlecharts/tree/master gem.

<pre>
  ./script/plugin install git://github.com/technoweenie/restful-authentication.git
  sudo gem install mattetti-googlecharts
</pre>

Make sure to follow the instructions on RESTful_Authentication, and add this line to your config/environment.rb file:
<pre>config.gem "googlecharts", :lib => 'gchart', :version => ">= 1.3.6"</pre>

h3. How to Install

<pre>sudo gem install mdarby-pollster</pre>

h3. How to Use

<pre>./script/generate pollster WhateverYouWantToNameYourPollModel</pre>

h3. How to Test

Complete Rspec specs are included automatically. Well, complete aside from view specs as you'll just change the damned things anyway.

h3. About the Author

My name is Matt Darby. I'm the Web Developer and IT Manager at "Dynamix Engineering":http://dynamix-ltd.com and hold a Master's Degree in Computer Science from "Franklin University":http://franklin.edu in Columbus, OH.

Feel free to check out my "blog":http://blog.matt-darby.com or to "recommend me":http://www.workingwithrails.com/recommendation/new/person/10908-matt-darby